[SUZIE]
Yis, Yis!
I had some first-years join
our Battler again this year!
Oh, yis!
Heh! I wouldn't get
too excited.
Oh. What exactly
do you mean by that?!
Only that the first-years
who joined my Battler
are superior in every way.
Shall we have
a competition, then?
Very well.
So what did you have in mind?
[BOTH chuckle]
[BOTH]
I know!
Let's have a Battler Party!
Yay!
Applause!
Clap for the party!
[CLARA]
Something big is starting!
It would appear
they've put together a video
introducing the Battler Party
to all the first-years.
Oh wow, that seems fun.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age fourteen.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves
and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human,
or I'm gonna get eaten
for sure!
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
"Kiriwo's Secret Room."
-It's a Battler Party!
[SUZIE]
So what is the Battler Party?
It's a chance
for first-year Battlers
to do a presentation.
[DALI] It's a three-day event:
the Party Eve,
Party Day,
and Closing Spectacular.
My, how lovely.
All students from every grade
are both allowed
and encouraged to participate.
However, upperclassmen will
be busy with their workshops,
so this festival is mostly
for the lower three years.
This is absolutely perfect!
Just what we need.
[SUZIE] It'll be held
in the front garden
and the central plaza.
[DALI]
Did everybody catch all that?!
And for you first-years
watching, you're the stars!
Your families are coming
to see you guys, after all!
It's an excellent opportunity
for parents to see
their kids are thriving.
Hmm.
I wonder if Grandpa
will be there, too.
But let's not forget
about the second
and third-year students.
Is there something
for them as well?
There's no need to fear,
Professor Suzie!
Because, the Battlers that put
on the best performance
will receive fantastic prizes!
Fantastic prizes!
[STUDENTS chattering]
[SUZIE]
The You Did Your Best Award.
[DALI] They'll get
this luxurious Battler room!
[STUDENTS oohing]
-Aah!
-Hey, that is nice.
As a matter of fact,
it would be ideal for Kiriwo!
[SUZIE]
The Wow Award!
[DALI] The winning Battler's
budget will be increased,
and as a bonus, we'll throw in
a prize of your choice!
[STUDENTS chattering excitedly]
[DALI] And now, the award
for the number one Battler!
[SUZIE]
The Grand Prize winners get...
Unbelievable! The Battler
president will go up two ranks!
[DALI] But wait, there's more,
so sit tight!
The rest of the Battler members
will go up a rank as well!
[STUDENTS cheering]
That's so cool!
[SUZIE] The super exciting
Battler Party!
The Party Eve
begins tomorrow!
Devi rad, yeah!
This is gonna be
so huge!
I am so pumped!
Exciting!
Well, don't just sit there,
come on, let's go!
Now, chop chop!
Whee! Let's go, let's go!
[hammering]
[PRESIDENT]
Grand Prize!
[SQUAD]
We fight!
Now line up, first-years!
[SQUAD]
Yes, sir!
[PRESIDENT]
You guys are the stars
of the Battler Party!
I bet you're nervous.
You don't wanna look
like a fool
in front of your folks!
But you don't have
to worry!
This is an event
for all the Battlers.
[SQUAD]
Right, sir!
Therefore,
mess up even once,
you're dead.
Right, got it,
Alright, time for sprints!
[SQUAD]
Yeah!
[PRESIDENT]
Let's do it!
-Oh wow.
-[SQUAD] Yeah!
Just look at that passion!
Master Iruma!
Huh? Ahh!
The preliminary prep for
the firework launchpad is done.
Sorry that I wasn't able
to help you out with this.
Oh, think nothing of it.
You've already been working hard
on everything else,
it would have worn you out.
And besides,
handling fire is my forte.
Uh, I guess that's true.
-[CLARA humming]
-Hmm?
Now, we just need to make it
all devi-devi-sparkly!
-[GORGON SNAKE chomps]
-Oh no! Wait!
[laughs]
We almost didn't make it,
but now...
[GIRL] [laughs] Is that supposed
to be a chimney?
Maybe it's
for burning trash.
They are a garbage Battler.
[CHUCKLES]
Yeah, that's it.
[IRUMA/ASMODEUS/CLARA]
Glare!
Uh, walk faster.
The heck was that?
[chuckles]
I can just imagine the shock
on their ignorant faces.
It'll be all kablooey!
Uh-huh! We'll surprise 'em!
Hey, by the way,
where'd Kiriwo go?
Oh, uh,
he said he had
a personal appointment
to get ready for
and ran off.
Sorry, my bad.
[coughs]
For what?
[rumbling, rattling]
[KIRIWO]
There we go.
[sighs]
[BAAL]
Don't you dare screw this up.
The two of us are going
to destroy
the demon school
Babyls together.
As for Sullivan,
they're still holding him
after the tip I gave 'em.
It's the perfect time
for a storm.
We'll start during the countdown
at the end of the Party Eve,
signaling Party Day.
There'll be a bunch of students
in the central plaza
waiting for the bell.
That's our target.
[explosion booms]
But something like that
will cause a huge disaster!
[BAAL] The more casualties,
the better.
[chuckles]
What's necessary
to pull this plan off
are your abilities...
...and the machine.
I look forward to working
with you, Gabuko.
It's been so long,
yet the time has flown by.
At first, I wasn't sure if
I'd actually be able to do this.
But with my Bro's advice...
...and the help from
my cute little juniors,
so blinded by enthusiasm,
who are none the wiser,
I think I'll be able
to make it work.
Meeting Iruma was
so well timed,
I have to think
it was destiny!
I'm sure it'll be
one hell of a party.
[chuckles]
Whoopsie.
I need to hurry up
and get this thing ready.
Idle hands, as they say.
Oh, how silly of me,
I'm missin' some parts.
My knack for hiding things
is working against me--
Oh, Kiriwo?
[door closes]
We've all been waiting
for you.
What are you doing?
Iruma, it's you.
[IRUMA]
Kiriwo?
What are you doing in here?
Thank goodness
it's only you.
Upsy-daisy.
You gave me such a scare
that I was rendered speechless!
-[coughs]
-Oh!
I-I'm sorry!
How'd ya get
in here anyway?
I, um,
I wanted to talk to you
about tomorrow,
so I went out looking
for you, and well...
Hmm!
I wonder where Kiriwo
disappeared to.
We need to talk
about tomorrow.
Hmm? Uh?
[yelps]
[screaming]
[STUDENT]
Whoa! H-hey!
[crashing]
[GIRL screams]
I am so sorry, everyone!
Please, stop.
Let go of me!
[groans]
Huh?!
-[rumbling]
-Uh?
[whimpering]
So, yeah, basically,
my ring pulled me here.
Ah, yes, of course.
That's happened once before.
Yeah. It was when
we first met.
I guess it still reacts
despite being so far away.
So, what is this place?
It's my secret base.
Whoa! Are you serious?!
[KIRIWO]
Iruma.
Come take a look.
Allow me to welcome you
to the MagiApp's graveyard.
My senior told me
about this place.
Wait, do you mean the same one
who called you the other day?
Yup.
Apparently, in the old days,
this Battler used to make
a bunch of weird things
that would get them in trouble
if they were ever caught.
So they came here
to work on that stuff in secret.
But all that's left now
is junk.
[IRUMA] Then what were you
getting ready for in here?
Really wanna know?
Once you know about it,
there ain't no turnin' back.
Ready?
Here goes.
[IRUMA gasps]
[IRUMA]
Man, look how high we are!
[KIRIWO]
Didn't expect that, did ya?
Take a look
just below that tower,
right in front
of the central plaza.
[IRUMA]
Huh?
[KIRIWO]
That's the Bell of Ceremonies.
It rings to signal
the end of the Party Eve,
and then the Party Day begins.
[IRUMA]
Look, Professor Kalego.
And isn't that...
Acting Chair-Demon!
[laughs]
I've looked everywhere for you,
Acting Chair-Demon!
I'm quite certain I told you
to stop calling me that.
Oh, that's right.
Then, how about
I call you Chairego!
No, don't you dare!
[ROBIN] I combined
the first part of Chair-Demon
with the "ego"
from Kalego.
Put them together
and you get Chairego!
[laughs]
I am so clever!
[KALEGO]
You really aren't!
Come on, admit it,
I know you love
the nickname!
Chu-Air-E-Go, Chairego!
[ROBIN screaming]
He's having a fight
with Professor Robin.
And looks more intense
than usual.
[inhales deeply]
Stupid head!
Kiriwo! What do you think
you're doing?!
[laughs]
-It's no big deal.
-Huh?
This is special glass,
so he can't even hear me.
They can't see us
from the other side, either.
See? No one's
even noticed us.
[IRUMA]
You're right.
[KIRIWO]
Iruma.
Do you remember
what I told you before?
I want to create
magical apparati
that even weaker demons can use
and make a world where
this power gap doesn't exist.
From way up here,
you have no idea at all
who's got a high ranking
or low one.
Everybody's equal.
No difference whatsoever.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
My dream is for the whole world
to be this way.
He's so excited.
I've never seen him like this.
-[KIRIWO coughs]
-Aah!
[KIRIWO]
I got myself too riled up.
Y-you might wanna calm down,
you know?
[exhales]
I just felt so happy, there.
'Cause you're the only one
I can talk to about all this.
You have
this mysterious essence
that helps me let
my guard down.
You're not like any
of the other students.
I'm so grateful
I got to meet ya.
I don't know what to say.
Can I ask you
a question, Kiriwo?
Hmm?
Well, supposing I didn't
have any magic,
could I still join
this one?
If you actually
didn't have any magic,
we'd be just alike!
Kiriwo, I'm glad
I met you, too!
Maybe, someday...
...I can tell him
the truth about myself,
and he'll just smile at me.
And everything will be okay.
-[KIRIWO] Iruma?
-Huh?
Right! Anyway,
let's just make sure
the fireworks are a hit.
It's the first step to the world
without a power gap
you've been wishing for
all this time!
Yup, sure is.
In fact, the reason
I came here was
to mentally prepare myself.
Kiriwo!
Huh?
About that Grand Prize.
Well, we should go for it!
The grand, uh... what, now?
[gasps]
Maybe...
yeah, maybe that's
too much for us to handle.
Well, look at it
this way.
The Grand Prize is normally
taken by a top-class Battler,
with tons of powerful,
experienced demons in it.
That's basically just
a pipe dream
for weaklings like us,
so why bother?
Don't you see?!
It'll be perfect if we win!
All those
high-ranking demons,
they'll practically die of shock
when they lose to us!
You work so hard!
And I want to prove that
to the whole school!
See what I mean?
We have no choice!
It's the only way
we're ever gonna get you
any closer to your goal!
So, let's go for it!
[KIRIWO]
That's...
[chuckles]
That's a really wonderful way
of thinkin'.
You sure do say some things
I'd have never expected
of you, Iruma.
Oh wow,
you really think so?
Yeah, you've got pure,
true ambition.
I must say, you and I...
...we're so much alike,
it's almost scary.
[glass shatters]
-[IRUMA] Kiriwo?
-Uh!
Well, time for us to go.
We can't leave all the
preparatin' to those other two,
now can we?
-Something came off!
-I told you,
that's not how you do it!
Uh, yeah, that's true.
[KIRIWO] Come on, Iruma.
Hurry it up!
Hold on, wait for me!
[KIRIWO] Oh, make sure you keep
this place a secret.
[IRUMA]
Gotcha.
[KIRIWO]
We've gotta hustle!
[door closes]
[giggles]
Try it.
-Wait, you silly twit! Ahh!
-I bet you can't catch me!
[KIRIWO]
Oh, bother.
[IRUMA] This is pretty much
what I expected.
Hey! Welcome back!
Iruma, sir!
And Kiriwo, too!
The launch pad is all ready!
[IRUMA] It's got your style
for sure, Clara.
[CLARA]
Yeah! I worked so hard!
[ASMODEUS]
I tried to stop her, but...
[KIRIWO laughs]
I think it's just fine.
It looks sturdy enough.
We're actually gonna
use this?!
-Yay! All done!
-[ASMODEUS grunts]
-[laughs]
-[KIRIWO] Iruma.
Let's do our best.
Yeah!
[ASMODEUS/CLARA shouting]
[NARRATOR]
And then...
[BARAKI] Alright, everyone.
Tomorrow's the day!
The Battler Party
has finally arrived!
[STUDENTS]
Yeah!
Are y'all ready?!
[STUDENTS]
Yeah!
[NARRATOR]
Those who were excited
about the festivities
beginning.
Those who were
anxiously waiting
to see the fireworks.
[ROBIN]
Acting Chair-Demon!
Relax! Just chill out.
-Take it easy!
-[KALEGO grumbles]
[NARRATOR] Those who were
becoming irritated
by their peers.
My sweet Iruma.
[sobbing]
[NARRATOR] Those who were
still being interrogated.
[CLARA]
Flowers! More flowers!
[NARRATOR] Those who weren't
quite done decorating yet.
Flowers! Flowers!
-[GORGON SNAKE chomps]
-[CLARA screaming]
[BOTH laughing]
[NARRATOR]
As the sun slowly set,
everyone had different things
on their minds.
[ASMODEUS]
David.
For the next three days,
I am going to be engaged
at school
and won't be home.
-Watch over the house.
-As you wish.
Uh, by the way,
Mister Alice,
I do have
a rather sudden message
from your mother.
"I'm for sure coming to see
your Battler tomorrow!
-Whee!" She says.
-[ASMODEUS screams]
D-David...
...do whatever you can
to stop her!
[DAVID]
Aye, sir.
[CLARA] Mommy, Keebow,
Konchie, little ones,
they aren't here, but Daddy
and Urala, I'm out!
[BABIES]
Hey, hey!
Let go of me. Hey--
You forgot something, honey.
Enough snacks and toys
for three days.
Mommy! Please get these
little tykes off me!
[CLARA'S MOM] They hate it
when their Sissy leaves,
because they miss her so!
We'll all come support
you tomorrow,
so do your best, Clara.
Roger that!
[SABNOCK]
Hm?
Yo! How ya doin',
Big Brother?
-You good, you well?
-Mm.
Finally! Tomorrow's
the big party!
And FYI,
I'm definitely going!
But the bad news is,
Father says
he can't make it
because he has work.
-[growls]
-[toothbrush creaks]
Aah! Whatever.
Who cares?!
Easy! You almost gave me
a heart attack there!
[IRUMA]
Hmm.
Let's see--
If you're looking
for the chair-demon,
he hasn't returned yet.
Oh. Hi, Opera!
I, uh, I know I'm
a bit jumpy right now.
You know, it's a big event,
so I guess I must be nervous,
The chair-demon is,
well, he's carefree,
random, ridiculous,
doesn't read the room,
runs off without thinking,
he shirks the rules,
and can be a space case, but...
...he always holds true
to his word.
Right!
Party! Party! Woo!
We've come
to pick you up, Master.
Are you ready to go?
I'll see you later.
[NARRATOR] The biggest event
at the demon school Babyls,
also known
as the Battler Party,
is now kicking off,
with its equally anticipated
Party Eve.
[KIRIWO giggles]
It's finally time...
[laughing]
[KIRIWO]
...Iruma.
Su-ki, ma?
[SULLIVAN] Geez, could we
wrap this up already?
You'll make me late
to Iruma's presentation!
[OFFICER]
I'm so nervous!
Lord Sullivan is
right in front of me!
[NARRATOR] It just so happens
that this interrogator
is a huge fan of Sullivan,
one of the Three Greats,
whom everyone thinks and hopes
will be the next Demon King.
Okay! First question,
Wh-who was your first love?!
Aah! My stupid nerves made me
ask something ridiculous!
[SULLIVAN]
How much time you got?
[OFFICER]
All the time in the world!
[NARRATOR] Moments later,
this interrogator
was duly replaced.
[KIRIWO] The day of
the Party Eve has come at last!
We could only create
these amazing fireworks
because of y'all's hard work.
I have to thank you properly.
I'm grateful that
I met you, Iruma. Truly.
Next time,
"Party Eve."
Now, just like
I promised Big Bro,
I'm gonna destroy
the demon school Babyls.
I'm sure it's gonna be
a blast.
♪